1.  mongoose.schema seems to coerce types into correct format such as Number to String.

2.  mongoose.schema , by default, sets field of type [elementaryType] (Array) to empty arr instead of undefined.
    To override this, set default value to undefined

3.  Ensure that you cast documents using correct TS interface using "as" when necessary
    Also, type cast id's of doc as mongoose.Types.ObjectId

4.  _id/_isAdmin are internal properties and should not be altered unless in specific circumstances,
    prepend "_" to differentiate such properties 

5. next() must be called in top scope to

    1. Ensure it is not called conditionally that could lead to hanging requests, 
    2. To not lead to race conditions when multiple promises are call next
    3. To not be called only when promise resolves
    4. To have clear error handling cases "next(error)"
    5. Prevent using "return next()"

6. Sync functions that throw error or errors that are thrown manually will be caight be express error
    handling mechanism and do not have to be wrapped in a try-catch block with the error passed on through next

    However this mechanism does not work for async functions and thus have to 
    be wrapped in try-catch block with "next(error)"

7. The structure of aysnc-await is different than promises and method chaining
    Async-await: The async function will pause on await before continuing

    Promises: The promises will wait to be resolved or rejected before ".then" or ".catch"
    can be used

    The main benefit of async-await is handling many nested promises easily

8. The intent of JWT is to handle authentication(whether user has a registered account) and Authorization (whether user should have access to the backend resources).
   Main benefits:
    -User does not need provide login credentials every time rest API call needs to be made 
    -Token can expire so that leaked token cannot be taken advantage of for a long period of time
    -Able to track whether there seems to be some suspicious API calls, as valid token needs to be attatched

